AWARD-WINNING WRITER AND EDITOR.
AT A FOOD BAMNK IN THE NATION'S
HOLIDAY, THE OBAMA FAMILY
CELEBRATES IT WITH AN ACT OF
SERVICE.
>> VERY PROUD TO BE A PART OF
THIS.
>> Reporter: THE BRIEF REMARKS
NEARLY DROWNED OUT BY A LENGTHY
ARTICLE PUBLISHED IN "THE NEW
YORKER" MAGAZINE, TELLING THE
WRITER THAT THERE'S NO DOUBT
THAT SOME FOLKS REALLY DISLIKE
ME BECAUSE THEY DON'T LIKE THE
IDEA OF A BLACK PRESIDENT.
IN THE INTERVIEW, THE PRESIDENT,
WHO DOES NOT OFTEN DISCUSS
ISSUES OF RACE, APPEARED
CONFLICTED, SUGGESTING HE MAY
GET A PASS FROM AMERICANS
BECAUSE HE'S BLACK.
THE FLIP SIDE, THERE ARE SOME
BLACK FOLKS AND MAYBE SOME WHITE
FOLKS WHO REALLY LIKE ME AND
GIVE ME THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT
PRECISELY BECAUSE I'M A BLACK
PRESIDENT.
>> HE'S EXPRESSING SOME OF HIS
FRUSTRATIONS AND ARGUMENTS ABOUT
WHY HE HASN'T BEEN ABLE TO
ACCOMPLISH EVERYTHING THAT SOME
OF HIS SUPPORTERS HAVE HOPE FOR
AND TO RESPOND TO CRITICS BY
SAYING HE'S NOT THE CARICATURE
THAT THEY OFTEN PAINT, BEING
SOME FAR LEFT SOCIALIST.
>> Reporter: THE WIDE-RANGING
ARTICLE CONDUCTED DURING A
SERIES OF INTERVIEWS THIS FALL
SHOWS THE PRESIDENT'S EVOLVING
POSITION ON THE COUNTRY'S
POLITICAL DIVISION, THE
CANDIDATE WHO ONCE SAID THIS --
>> THERE IS NOT A LIBERAL
AMERICA AND A CONSERVATIVE
AMERICA.
THERE IS THE UNITED STATES OF
>> Reporter: NOW A PRESIDENT
SEEMINGLY AT PEACE WITH THE
LIMITATIONS OF OFFICE TELLING
"THE NEW YORKER," AT THE END OF
THE DAY WE ARE PART OF A
LONG-RUNNING STORY.
WE JUST TRY TO GET OUR
PARAGRAPHS RIGHT.
>> THAT'S NOT THE SAME BARACK
OBAMA ANYMORE.
>> Reporter: THE PRESIDENT'S
BALANCING ACT CONTINUES WHEN HE
TURNS TO THE QUESTION OF
LEGALIZING MARIJUANA SAYING, I
DON'T THINK IT IS MORE DANGEROUS
THAN ALCOHOL.
BUT DESPITE HIS OWN
WELL-DOCUMENTED HISTORY WITH
MARIJUANA, HE GOES ON TO CALL IT
A BAD IDEA.
A WASTE OF TIME.
NOT VERY HEALTHY.
PRESIDENT OBAMA REITERATED IN
THESE INTERVIEWS THAT IF HE
ACHIEVES ANYTHING IN THE NEXT
THREE YEARS, HE